offset to be more efficient
look for example took a breed here
you fix it turns out folding
stepped up income are sitting on the ass bottom he
grabbed here he paid see see
finger that's lymph node lymph node here
inflicts breaks punches
yes next moment under the collarbone
connect see exactly under the thread and
times the jugular cavity 2 here is the auricle
go further lower lip fixed 4
in the same way the upper lip 5 then
root of the nose look like he
then your eyes how I see here
slightly opened and you see that goes there
now get what happens
eyes wrestlers il still leave it very much
but do not sell open matrix cover
of the year
recently watch here showed here gave
god gave 2 see here it goes
immediately went naturally too
vacuum that is yes here it is here
everything works on the temporal region
how the knot hand fist
arms fist bend this way in
I put the next area of ​​the temple
spatial orientation zone
look see here capture capture
two hands
here that is, it all makes its way
here it all makes its way and that area
take
direct forty forty times this
movement here
You can take this
meadows
attachments here take at the base of the skull
head a little bit for the procedure and impaled
on finger feeling
thrown straight there with a massage and again
same changeable
must see himself up the auricle
take the support start what to put here
give
security
at any point it will be so important
sort out and try the pressure
will go in three planes
even if you take for example around here
galyamin here and made doc